Date: Fri, 24 Sep 2004 09:50:25 -0500
From: No Piracy <nopiracy@advfilms.com>
To: tracker-d1-a3-a2-03-41542f4e_prq.to, tiamo_prq.se
Subject: Electronic Notice of Infringement - thepiratebay.org


September 24, 2004

 

Fredrick Neij

Box 1206

Stockholm 11479

Sweden

tiamo_prq.se

tracker-d1-a3-a2-03-41542f4e_prq.to

 

RE: http://www.thepiratebay.org

 

Dear Fredrick Neij,

 

This office represents A.D. Vision, Inc. (ADV) and its affiliated
companies that own and/or are exclusively licensed to use the following
protected work (the "Protected Work"):

 

Neon Genesis Evangelion

 

Through our Internet monitoring program, we recently discovered
unauthorized use of our Protected Work in connection with your website
(www.thepiratebay.org) (the "Site").  Specifically, the Protected Works
are being offered for Internet download, copying and distribution through
Bit Torrent technology.

 

Our intellectual property rights are our most valuable assets.  In order
to promote a cooperative and beneficial relationship with fans, ADV
prefers to send out written requests such as this first, rather than
institute litigation or request that your ISP disable your Site. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, unauthorized copying and distribution of
ADV's protected works (including images) constitutes an infringement of
one or more of ADV's rights under the copyright laws the United States,
Canada and many other jurisdictions throughout the world, including
States that are members to the European Union.  Applicable law provides
for substantial penalties for such infringement, including injunctive
relief, attorney's fees, and damages.  ADV has instituted litigation in
the past, and in every such litigation, ADV prevailed.  If necessary, ADV
will not hesitate to take such action again to insure that its rights are
fully protected. 

 

Therefore, without limiting any right, remedy or defense available to us,
ADV MUST ASK THAT YOU IMMEDIATELY:

 

1)       Delete and cease all further use of the Protected Work, and any
other unauthorized ADV works, from the Site.

 

2)       Remove and delete all copies of the Protected Work, and any
other unauthorized ADV titles, from  any other distribution channel
owned, operated or otherwise controlled or accessible by you or those to
whom you grant access including other web sites, FTP servers, web-based
storage services, peer-to-peer systems and the like (each of the
foregoing being a "Channel").

 

3)       Remove and delete all references, pointers and hypertext links
pertaining to infringing copies of the Protected Work from all such
Channels.

 

We also ask that you please advise us in writing within five (5) days
from the date of this notice as to whether you will comply with our
request so that we can determine whether any additional action will be
required beyond this point.  I trust this will receive your prompt
attention, and if there is anything I can help you with in future, please
let me know.

 

Sincerely,

 

Aaron Guerrero

Enforcement Team

Anti-Piracy Division

A.D. Vision, Inc.

nopiracy@advfilms.com

 


