From: Ramage, Ian 
To: tiamo
Sent: Thursday, April 21, 2005 3:25 PM
Subject: Illegal Dissemination of Apple Intellectual Property



April 21, 2005 

VIA EMAIL 

NOT FOR POSTING 

Fredrik Neij 
Registrant of www.piratebay.org 

Re:      Apple Intellectual Property Disseminated by www.piratebay.org 

Dear Mr. Neij: 

We represent Apple Computer, Inc.  On or before April 21, 2005, the site www.piratebay.org was in the process of distributing and/or facilitating the distribution of a misappropriated copy of an unreleased version of Apple's operating system software, Tiger 10.4, Build 8A428.  The software constitutes an Apple trade secret and is copyrighted.  Apple has a well-known, longstanding policy of closely guarding information about its unreleased products as trade secrets.  

We demand that you immediately disable the torrent and/or tracker and prevent further distribution of Apple's trade secret and copyrighted material.

Apple further demands that you provide us with all information relating to the posting of torrents enabling the distribution of Mac OS X Tiger, Build 8A428, including all log files and tracker files associated with such torrents.  Apple also demands all information related to the identity of the persons who created such torrent files and/or who uploaded the software referenced by those torrent files, as well as the identities of all individuals who participated in the uploading and downloading of Apple's software.  If you fail to maintain the evidence of this illegal activity, you will be subject to severe sanctions.  In particular, if you destroy or hide any evidence, you will be subject to civil and criminal penalties.  Please produce all requested information by the end of the day, Friday, April 22, 2005. 

Builds of unreleased Apple software are distributed under strict confidentiality agreements.  Your torrent site appears to be engaged in a practice of soliciting and disseminating Apple trade secrets.  This practice is grounds for both civil and criminal liability.  To avoid further liability, you must refrain from inducing the breach of any Apple confidentiality agreements, soliciting Apple trade secrets, and distributing Apple trade secrets on your site. 

Apple is prepared to take further actions to stop the sites illegal activities, and Apple expressly reserves its rights.  I am available to discuss this matter at any time. If you are represented by counsel in this matter, please provide me with the identity of that counsel. 


Sincerely, 

Ian Ramage
OMelveny & Myers LLP
Embarcadero Center West
275 Battery Street, Suite 2600
(415) 984-8783 (direct)
(415) 984-8701 (fax)
iramage@omm.com

This message and any attached documents contain information from the law firm of OMelveny & Myers LLP that may be confidential and/or privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message.



